Add hint of support bundle namespaces (#554)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/harvester.md

- Enter a useful description for the support bundle and click `Create` to generate and download a support bundle.
    ![](/img/v1.2/troubleshooting/harvester-sb-support-modal.png)

:::note

> When your workloads are deployed on customized namespaces and the issue is/maybe related to those workloads, make sure those namespaces are configured on [support-bundle-namespaces](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-namespaces). The support bundle only captures data from the configured namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you encounter an issue that may be related to workloads deployed in custom namespaces, configure the [support-bundle-namespaces](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-namespaces) setting to include those namespaces as data sources. The support bundle only collects data from the configured namespaces.  
```

> When you encounter the error of timeout, you can adjust the [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-timeout) and retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For timeout errors, you can adjust the value of the [support-bundle-timeout](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-timeout) setting and then restart the support bundle generation process.  
```

> When you plan to use the none-default container image, you can set the [support-bundle-image](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to use a non-default container image, you can configure the [support-bundle-image](../advanced/settings.md#support-bundle-image) setting.  
```
